Documentation update (#209)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

We welcome contributions, and request you follow these guidelines.

- [Raising issues](#raising-issues)
- [Legal](#legal)
- [Coding Standards](#coding-standards)

## Raising issues

Please raise any bug reports on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/open-liberty-tools-vscode/issues). Be sure to search the list to see if your issue has already been raised.

A good bug report makes it easy for us to understand what you were trying to do and what went wrong.

### Legal

> In order to make contribution as easy as possible, we follow the same approach that the Linux® Kernel [community](https://elinux.org/Developer_Certificate_Of_Origin) uses to manage code contributions: the [Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1 (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make contribution as easy as possible, we follow the [Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1 (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/) process for code contributions. Simply certify your contributions by signing off in your pull requests.
```

This project follows standard TypeScript language [coding conventions](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Coding-guidelines).

Please note:

- all PRs must pass TypeScript linting checks
- all PRs must have passing builds

> ### Language Server development

Reviewer: How does this section relate to "Language Server development"?
